ReadMe - Fluent Forever Model Deck
Hello! Thank you for downloading the Fluent Forever Model Deck. Please make
sure you read through this ReadMe file in its completion and follow the steps
before studying.
I have a question or problem. How can I contact Fluent Forever?
If you encounter problems send an email over to help@fluent-forever.com. Include
screenshots if possible (if you need an image upload service, use Imgur.com),
and be as detailed as you can!
Is there a faster way to reach my fluency goals?
I’m not aware of any faster routes through pronunciation than the trainers available in
our shop. That said, I am aware of a couple of routes that are faster routes through
the rest of the language.
One option is fairly impractical (and expensive) for most: once you’re done with
pronunciation, enroll in a full immersion program like the ones at Middlebury
College. Spend 7-8 weeks entirely in your target language, and you’re going to be
having comfortable conversations at the end, regardless of your learning approach.
You can check out websites such as iTalki.com to get more speaking practice.
There are also other websites that have flashcard deck resources for various
languages, such as Spanish and French, which are highly recommended [http://speakada.com/].
Another option is more portable. We’re making a new app that replaces Anki. It has
a (much) faster learning curve, it’s really enjoyable to use, and it allows you to learn
faster than the standard Fluent Forever + Anki or Fluent Forever + Leitner Box
methods. We’re really, really proud of it. Check out more info here:
http://fluent-forever.app
I’ve completed the Fluent Forever Model Deck, what do I do next?
If you have completed the Fluent Forever Model Deck, then I recommend checking
out our pronunciation trainers from our shop. If you’re still having problems with
pronunciation, you could try Rhinospike.com for help. There are also other websites
that have flashcard deck resources which are highly recommended, with flashcards
for the alphabet, IPA and more, in various languages, like French, Spanish,
German and others.
The next step in becoming fluent in any language is to learn a set of extremely
common, simple words using pictures, not translations. There are 625 basics
words that are commonly used. You can purchase the word lists at the shop and
begin creating cards to study. There’s also the option of using ready-made decks
for vocabulary, or checking out a frequency dictionary.
You can read more about this stage of the Fluent Forever method in Chapter 4 of the
Fluent Forever Book entitled “Word Play and the Symphony of a Word”. If you don’t
already have the book, you can purchase the physical copy online or purchase the
audiobook version at our shop.